---
title: SUBC INC.
author: 
blurb: 'A rundown of projects I developed at SUBC INC.'
layout: blog
image: isometric_render.JPG
---

### About
At SUBC Inc. I am the sole in-house engineer under a serial-entrepreneurial, ex-Mayo Clinic M.D.--Dr. Dan Ericson. Dr. Ericson is a hemotologist-turned-inventor that develops patents, and I help him build MVPs across a variety of different disciplines. We move fast, it's scrappy, but we get a lot done.

### PlaCor

#### About (Problem Definition)
For the PlaCor project, I was tasked with developing a prototype device for measuring platelet reactivity in human patients. 

#### Skills Involved
- Mechanical Engineering
- Electronics Engineering
- Software Development
- Signal Processing
- Process Development
- PCB Design
- Plastics Design

B.S. in Mechanical Engineering or a related field
Broad technical background and the desire to learn more

- 3D CAD experience (SolidWorks preferred)
- Experience with a range of manufacturing processes is a plus (injection molding, machining, sheet metal, casting, etc.)

- Experience designing biomedical products or industrial automation a plus

Creative problem solvers who can connect scientific theory with engineering design to create novel products.

Strong communicators who can convey the merit of solutions to our clients’ challenges.

Hands-on craftspeople who like to build breadboards and refined prototypes.

Life-long learners who can take on a challenge in an unfamiliar field and quickly contribute to solutions.

Collaborators that enjoy working in teams of scientists, electrical engineers, optical engineers,manufacturing partners, and industrial designers.

Results-oriented engineers who thrive in a streamlined environment, using the right tools and minimizing bottlenecks to get the job done.

##### Process
- How did I go about designing mechanisms?
    - Used design tools in SolidWorks before outsourcing product
- How did I use SolidWorks to develop product?
- What physical principles did I consider?
- How did I integrate things from Mechanical to Electrical to Software in terms of what a senior engineer would be impressed by?
- Do I have a reason for every element of design? (DFA, DFM principles)
    - New Cartridge
    - Point of Care Device itself

#### Results
- Deployed devices to UMass 

### Vitruvian

#### About
For the Vitruvian project, I was tasked with scaling the manufacturing method of human plasma based films from a lab setting to a fully-funded, FDA-qualified, commercial production setting. 

#### Skills Involved
- Mechanical Design (Plastics)
- Fluid Dynamics
- FEA
- Process Development

##### Process
- How did I go about designing mechanisms?
    - Went through trial and error of small frames, 3D printed frames, acrylic frames to other options before vacuum molding.
    - Rapid Prototyping to test different cases of merged features
    - We found that it was very difficult to wrap our brains around the concept at first, but sitting through and doing DOE to determine why each design iteration failed or succeeded allowed us to develop an efficient small-scale process first before scaling the size (introducing more problems) worked best.
- FDA Regulated?
    - Yes I designed and built a reproducable vacuum station that required us to design to FDA regulations.
- What physical principles did I consider?
    - Fluid Dynamics--viscosity of fluid
    - Kinematics
    - States of matter principles of manufacturing process, limiting geometry
    - Geometry limitations within patent
- Do I have a reason and RESULTS for every element of design? (DFA, DFM principles)
    - Flatness of bottom
    - Sending engineering drawings over to chinese vendor